Add support for Azure Service Bus entities partitioning (#6451)
Particular/docs.particular.net: servicecontrol/transports.md

  * The fully-qualified namespace will be parsed from the `Endpoint=sb://my-namespace.servicebus.windows.net/` connection string option
  * When specifying managed identity for the connection string, a [`ManagedIdentityCredential`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/azure.identity.managedidentitycredential) will be used.
  * Set the `ClientId=some-client-id` connectionstring option to use a specific [user-assigned identity](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/managed-identities-azure-resources/overview#managed-identity-types)
 

> As of version 4.33.x and 5.x support for partitioned entities can be added by using the following option:

Author: Fix the versions once we release

> As of version 4.33.x and 5.x support for partitioned entities can be added by using the following option:

Author: ```suggestion
As of version 4.33.3 and 5.0.5 support for partitioned entities can be enabled by adding the following connection string parameter:
```
